Upgrade `beyla.ebpf` component to Beyla 1.7 (#1356)
grafana/alloy: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking changes to non-GA functionality

- Update Public preview `remotecfg` argument from `metadata` to `attributes`. (@erikbaranowski)

> - The `beyla.ebpf.routes.unmatched` configuration option default changed from unset to `heuristic` (@marctc) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default value of the argument `unmatched` in the block `routes` of the component `beyla.ebpf` was changed from `unset` to `heuristic` (@marctc) 
```

> - The `beyla.ebpf.routes.unmatched` configuration option default changed from unset to `heuristic` (@marctc) 

Reviewer: I think that it would also be nice to have in Enhancements an entry that says that Beyla was updated to version 1.7 and list some of the key changes

### Breaking changes to non-GA functionality

- Update Public preview `remotecfg` argument from `metadata` to `attributes`. (@erikbaranowski)

> - The default value of the argument `unmatched` in the block `routes` of the component `beyla.ebpf` was changed from `unset` to `heuristic` (@marctc) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- The default value of the argument `unmatched` in the block `routes` of the component `beyla.ebpf` was changed from `unset` to `heuristic` (@marctc) 
```
